NativeAOT diagnostic documentation (#36626)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/index.md

Software doesn't always behave as you would expect, but .NET Core has tools and APIs that will help you diagnose these issues quickly and effectively.

> [Native AOT deployment](../../core/deploying/native-aot/index.md) is a relatively new application model that has been available since .NET 7 and details on .NET 8 diagnostic support for native AOT applications can be found [here](../../core/deploying/native-aot/diagnostics.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Native AOT deployment](../../core/deploying/native-aot/index.md) is an application model that's been available since .NET 7. For information about .NET 8 diagnostic support for native AOT apps, see [Native AOT diagnostics](../../core/deploying/native-aot/diagnostics.md).
```
